Q: Define what generating value through adaptive solutions for complex problems mean? Can you give an example?

A: In Scrum we are continuously inspecting and adapting processes, tools, and products (to name a few.) In Scrum, we have Events in which they are opportunities to inspect and adapt said things. For example, during the Daily Scrum we inspect progress towards the Spring Goal and adapt the Sprint Backlog as necessary. An example of generating value can be that 

My answer: In Scrum, we focus on complex problems where we don't completely understand everyhting. This is where Scrum shines, as we can continuously inspect and adapt our

My other answer: In Scrum, he problems that we are seeking to solve are complex and not known 100%. Scrum tells us it's ok to change course in the way that we solve these problems as more is known and understood. Through continuous Events that we employ (Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Retro, Sprint Review) and backlog refinement, the Team gains empiricism and is able to continuosly generate value.
 
An example of this in practice, is when a team is dealt the task of creating an online platform where people can date one another. Building the product is deemed a daunting task as the Team does not understand the scope of the project. What we do is the PO explains the product, it's context, it's history, needs, and goals. Based off of that information the team self manages into teams where every team has all the skills necessary to create potentially shippable increments at the end of the Sprints. In this example, User Stories were fine grained by the developers and they understood that as they worked on completing these User Stories into PSI that there would inevitably be unforeseen and emergent work that the Developers would then have to add to the Backlog as work that needed to be done for that Sprint. The Team would meet every day for the Daily Scrum and they would discuss what plans they would make to achieve their Sprint Goal. They would also discuss impediments. Three times a week, the Team would gather together and refine the PB as more was learned about the product. This is the adaptive solution aspect for the complex problem (building the platform). Furthermore, at the end of the Sprint, we had a working piece of software at the end of the Sprint. This is the value that we are able to generate through adaptive so  
